# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

<!-- markdownlint-disable no-trailing-spaces -->

## [unreleased]

### 🚀 Features

- Switch over to poise/serenity for Discord.
  > Replace `twilight` with `poise`/`serenity` for the Discord connection,
  > which should fix the constant disconnects happening recently.
  > 
  > This moves over to use _Slash Commands_ on Discord which makes it easier
  > to discover available commands, and avoids typos when executing them (or
  > trying to).
- Switch over to twitch_api for Twitch.
  > Move from the `twitch-irc` crate to `twitch_api`, as Twitch recommends
  > using _Helix_ (HTTP API) and _EventSub_ (WebSocket API) over the classic
  > IRC approach.
  > 
  > This allows to track the stream live status which is the main reason for
  > the move, as this is needed for an upcoming feature.
- Remove archer again.
- Remove broken docsearch.
- Log message on start/stop of a stream.
- Use SQLite for state storage.
- Use SQLite for stats storage.

### 🐛 Bug Fixes

- Use explicit indexmap removal methods.
- Don't unwrap when message detection fails.
  > An oversight. If the message detection reports an error or nothing was
  > detected, then simply ignore the message instead of unwrapping and
  > crashing the server.
- Restore root processing chain functionality.
  > During the bigger refactor the processing chain was broken in a way that
  > owners can only use owner commands, admins only admin commands and
  > regulars only user commands.
  > 
  > Fix the behavior to be like before, letting owners access all commands,
  > admins the admin and user commands, and users only user commands (no
  > change here).
- Name query `COUNT(*)` column.
  > For `serde_rusqlite` to properly match the column to structs, it must be
  > explicitly named, which is not the case for aggregation functions like
  > `COUNT(*)`.
- Update existing cmd on conflict.
  > When adding a new command, and the command in fact already exists, thus,
  > it's an update, replace the content of the command instead of failing.
- Reconnect on websocket close.
- Only create missing subscriptions.
  > Trying to create a new event subscription with the same type fails if
  > one already exists (seems to be the case with reconnects). Thus, only
  > create the subs that are missing.
- Don't split custom cmd content again.
  > A refactoring leftover that split the content again (due to the same
  > naming of a variable for the whole message payload, before the
  > refactor).
  > 
  > This is not needed anymore, and even truncated the content of the
  > content, resulting in unexpected command contents.

### 🚜 Refactor

- Redesign handler API.
  > Move the handler definitions to a separate module and make the text
  > parsing a separate module. All handler logic operates on defined structs
  > instead now.
- Use generic version of `NonZero`.
  > Since Rust 1.79 the `NonZeroU64` is merely a type alias of the new
  > generic variant `NonZero<u64>`, so let's switch to it.
- Clean up derives.

### 📚 Documentation

- Generate changelog with git-cliff.
  > Use [git-cliff](https://git-cliff.org) to generate some nice looking
  > changelog (as long as the commit messages are somewhat meaningful).

### 🧪 Testing

- Avoid real network requests.
  > Avoid the network call to <https://crates.io> in the one and only test
  > that runs it. This avoids failures to random network issues and makes
  > the test run faster.

### ⚙️ Miscellaneous Tasks

- *(ci)* Switch back to official cargo-deny action.
- Fix the README.md build badge.
- Fix new clippy lints.
- Switch to thin LTO.
- Bump Dockerfile Rust image version.
- Remove unneeded env var from Dockerfile.
- Update cargo-deny configuration.
- *(docker)* Use consistent keyword casing.
- *(ci)* Bump deny GH action to v2.
- *(ci)* Update Docker-related GH actions.
- Remove tracing event for twitch messages.
- Clean up cargo-deny config.
- Add justfile for common tasks.
- Move state module out of folder.
- Update changelog.

<!-- generated by git-cliff -->
